# Comparing Followers of the Top Selling Beers

For my Acquire and Analyze project I decided to look up the twitter handles of the top selling beers in the US. I wanted to scrape the followers of these beers and first see if I could get any information from their descriptions. Then I wanted to look at the followers locations to see which locations stood out for each beer brand. I first looked up the top 15 selling beers in the US, and choose between Bud Light and Budweiser. Also eventhough Corona is one of the top 15, they do not have a twitter handle that I could find. My final list of beer company handles was: @AmstellLight, @budlight, @CoorsLight, @DosEquis, @GuinnessGB, @Heineken_US, @LabattUSA, @MichelobULTRA, @MillerLite, @ModeloUSA, @naturallight, @PabstBlueRibbon, @StellaArtois,  and @yuenglingbeer.

I pulled the followers of these account using python code from the Twitter API assignment. I also made some adjustments to the code from John, Brenden and Jordan that we went over in class. After scraping the twitter followers from each handle, I wrote them to their own text file with the following headers: screen_name, name, id, location, followers_count, friends_count and description. The code for this is in `Gathering Twitter Descriptions of Popular Beers.ipynb`

I then opened all of the text files up in `Comparing Beer Company Followers by Tokens and Locations.ipynb` so I could clean and tokenize them. To clean the files I casted words to lowercase, removed stopwords and kept only alphabetic tokens, to remove all links, hastags and emojis. I did this for all 14 text files. After that I tokenized each clean file to get the total tokens, unique tokens, average token lenght, lexical diversity, and top 10 tokens. For my next task I realized I just wanted to count up the number of common locations amoung followers for each handle. To do this I imported pandas so I could create a dataframe that were tab delimited. I then used these dataframes to count and sort the top locations amoung followers for each handle. I then finished up by using markdown in the notebook to write a short analysis of each beer handle based on the locations top locations and token stats that I got. 
